refactor(datatype): deprecate `array` (#1853)
faker-js/faker: docs/guide/upgrading.md

| `faker.datatype.float`  | `faker.number.float`                       |
| `faker.datatype.bigInt` | `faker.number.bigInt`                      |

### Deprecation of `datatype.array`

The method `faker.datatype.array` has been deprecated and will be removed in v9.

> If you need an array of element you are better off creating your own one using `helpers.multiple`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need an array of useful values, you are better off creating your own one using `helpers.multiple`.
```

> If you need an array of useful values, you are better off creating your own one using `helpers.multiple`.

Reviewer 2: Using `faker.helpers.multiple`
